
# 1 看电视学习（观点类）
Watching tv,especially informative televison,has been proved a efficient method of learning,because audio-image information can attract school children's attention easily.Although many televisons have educational value,I still don't agree with students should watch more tv.
Watching tv will have bad influence on children's study,and prevent them to attend other activities which can do benefit to their growth.Children might distracted easily,because of watching tv,especially without adult's supervision.Those who watch tv frequently may not concentate to their study,and eventually get bad score in exams.
And children who watch too much televison will feel difficult to attend interactive activities,which can promote the development of the brain,such as reading,singing and communicating.
Besides,having long screen time will have negative influence on younger generations' communicate skills.Because students might sit in front of the tv for a couple of hours,instead of communicating with their teachers and playing with their friends.And the sequence of long hours stay themselves is they may develop lonely characters and are not willing to share their opinions with others or conprehense others' views.
On the other hand,I know TV can give children a world of knowledge.Because nowadays televisions which are designed for younger generations are more and more,which will enhence their knowledge in different subjects.For example,they can learn about historical affairs through historical documentary films,and some foreign channels can teach them other languages.These knowledge is a complement of what students learn from school.
In conclusion,parents and teachers should limit children watch tv instead of encouraging it.Watching too much tv will interfere children's study instead of improving it.

# 2 老龄化社会
Because of the technological advances and the increase in personal wealth, people can expect a longer life than ever before.

Although senior citizens can contribute to the society, the demographic change can bring a lot of problems.

One problem related to an ageing society is that the wealth care cost will increased sharply, which will impose a heavy burden on the taxpayers.

Most medical needs and costs are more likely to increase in the later years.

Therefore, the authority should spend more money taking care of the olderly and cut budget on other important services such as education.

Another possible problem is that the pace of work is slow, as the increase of senior workers increases.

With age, people tend to perform poorly in absorbing new information and handling problems.

If senior workers delay retirement, their poor performance may have a damaging effect on the company' productivity and profitability.

On the other hand, many elderly people tend to prolong their working life, and their experience and wisdom are regarded as avaluable asset to the whole society.

As people live longer, many of them choose to stay in the workforce. They are experts in their fields of work.

They can act as consultants and impart their knowledge and skills to the young generations.

For instance, some experienced managors can teach young people how to manage a company and to provide better services to customers.

All in all, the considerable extension of life expectancy has presented a challenge to health care in many countries, and reduce the productivity of a country.

This can have a negative effect on the economy, although we can make full use of the wisdom of senior people.  tap into the wisdom 

adverse impact on productivity profitability

# 3 reomote education
The advent of the Internet has changed the ways people complete work and live their lives.

More and more people are considering receive a remote education, which can make them complete a degree at home.

Although remote education is different from traditional university's education, it can achieve the same learning ourcomes as traditional courses.

Remote education has a lot of methods to make students have a better understand of the content and improve their skills.grasp content of each lecture and widen knowledge
deepen their understanding of 

Students who take part in remote coursed should read related materials and do exercised to grasp all the concepts and theories.

And they can choose to watch record lessons or attend lectures on those online learning websites.

When they have problems in digesting information, they can pause the videos and replay the lectures untill they fully understand the courses.

This means you can gain the same knowledge at home as they can learn in a university

On the other hand, in distance learning program, it is hard for students to draw upon ideas of classmates or teachers.

Students who enrolled in online education normally learn from home, and they interact with teachers only through excercising and taking exams.  It is difficult for them to  communicate with their classmates.

So they can not learn from others by having conversations related to learning methods,working experience and wisdom to handle problems.

It is easy for them to learn as much theoretical knowledge and concepts as traditional education from courses provided by learning websites, but they cannot learn many other knowledge which can be get through traditional learning. while receving education in traditional ways is possible more rewarding and informative.

In conclusion, remote education can give the same knowledge as traditional college education in most cases. But it still has many drawbacks, such as lacking interaction, so it is difficult for participants to have the same learning outcomes as the students who receive formal university education.                                   

# 
Laws refer to the rules imposed on citizens.

I hold opinion that a society cannot maintain order although strict laws will pose a threat to the development of society.

If no law regulated people's behaviours, a country would have no order.

People learn how to behave in a social admitted way through the laws. But if people felt free to do anything they want, the whole society would be in disorder.

To specify, if people violate traffic laws, the traffic accident will increase and traffic congestion will be a problem.

As a result, people cannot arrive to workplace punctually and companies fail to deliver goods to their customers on time, and eventually the economy will be effected.

In addition, without laws, people may feel difficult to maintain their everyday lives.

People sometimes driven by their own interests to do something which will be harmful to other people.

For instance, some people sell counterfeit products to earn a living, but consumers will lose money.

There are also some people rob for money, which detter people dare not to walk out.

On the other hand, sometimes, laws impose strain on people and obstruct social progress.


# 4 消费社会（报告类）
Nowadays people are likely to use products only once instead of keep these items for a long time.It is vital important to learn about why this problem happen and how to reserve this trend.
People have increased wealth siginificantly,so they can buy a lot of products.The innovation of technology and mass production have reduce the cost of production,and also improve people's productivity.For example,people can buy some digital products,such as mobile phones and computers,in a low price,so when them broken,people seldom repire them.Especially for young people,they like to buy new mobile phones with the newest technology and throw away their old ones.
And the lack of environmental awareness is also a reason.Many people haven't realise their consumption will cause the deplete of energy and produce garbage and polution.And the household appliances will eventually become gabage,because the appliances are difficult to decompose,and bring huge destroyment to the environment.And they don't even know use recycling products will make their lives more eco-frendly.
Because the over consuming of products is universal,taking actions to protect the environment is vital important.We need to improve people's awareness of people's environmental protection awareness,which will change people's methods of using and recycling products.And the environmental protection organizations should propergate the knowledge of recycling of disposable products and household appliances.The government should anounce some laws to inhabit people to overconsumption as well.For example,the government can impose a tax on some disposable products,such as plastic shopping bags,which will encourage people use recycling reusable bags.
In summaries,people's attitude to consumption and the increasement of incoming are main reasons for over-consumption.To solve this problem,we should improve people's environmental protection awareness,which can change people's lifestyle more eco-friendly.

# 5 urban rural shift
The mass movement of people shift from rural areas to cities has become a remarked trend.

# 6 100句
1. Regular exercise can improve people's self-confidence.主谓宾
Excercising regularly can 
2. Education quality have great influence on students' academic performance.(主谓间宾直宾)The quality of teaching
3. Parents and teachers should reduce students' screen time.(主谓宾宾补)make an effort to limit 
4. Economy recession cause increasement of the unemployment.(主谓宾宾补)has lead to a climbing unemployment rate.
5. Economy's development need young workforce.(主谓宾)
6. Overload people don't have time to rest.(主谓宾宾补)
 7. In china,many students study at night.(主谓宾宾补)
8. Historical spots are threaded by the development of cities.(主谓宾宾补)
9. We cannot ignore face to face communication.
10. Some public services can hardly break even. 
11. We should consider the society and economy environment.
12. Density agriculture threat biodiversity.Intensive farming has a great impact on
13. Equal access to education can help students out of underachievement. 
14. Exposure to different culture can promote innovation.
15. The society should set social welfare as prority,especially medical services.
16. Education might decide people's professional career.
17. Using fossil resources will cause environmental destruction.
18. Building apartments can solve the traffic jam.
19. Poor people can endeavor working to improve their social status.from disadvantaged backgrounds
20. Because of  globalisation,people need to work with colleagues from diverse backgrounds.
21. We should take action to solve some throny problems.
22. The media attract audiences' attention through blow up sensational suffering.sensationalising victims' suffering.
23. Genetic project(engineering) can nurture crop varieties.
24. Componies should offer female employees who have offsprings(children) maternity leave and other help.
25. An unhealthy lifestyle may put people in danger of sickness.at risk of
26. The scholarship can encourage more students to attend postgraduate score.
27. The community provide chance for the criminals to gain professions.community service provides offenders with opportnities to acquire transferable skills
28. The law should verdict drink driving as criminal offence.Legislation should make drink driving a criminal offence
29. Rural areas provide people chance to apart (escape)from modern life's pressure and noises.
30. The ageing population lead countries to promote in law retirement age.                       
31. The development of technology give people opportunities to take classes at home.
32. Teachers should be allowed to force interruping children leave the classrooms.
33. The unemployment can be partly solved by rural-city shift.
34. High buildings sometimes regard as eye barrier of the city.
35. Space technology's investment should be support from the government.investment in
36. Historical issues are reserved because of historical importance.
37. School activities should allow children feel the sense of achievement and promote their happiness.well-being
38. Some employees are encouraged to break old rules.the muld
39. Because of traffic jam,the time go and leave for work are prolonged.
40. Computer skills can be applied in their studies and work.
41. Human activities can be blamed for most of the environmental destroyment 
42. Many school children are exposed to aggressive content everyday.
43. Family environment is regarded as the most important factor of children's growth.
44. With more and more young people attending volunters' work,community's cohesion will be enhenced.
45. Imigrations sometimes are regarded as a threat to the community.imigrants social cohesion
46. Young people who haven't received advanced education can only find low-skilled jobs.
47. Some people don't support genetically modified food.
48. People try very hard to design tourist attractions to satisfy tourists' taste and needs.
49. In a highly competitive society,employed young people care about profession advance.
50. Perception of beauty is different for different cultures.
51. Because of the decrease of fee,air industry developed fast in recent years.
52. Animal experiments cannot always test the side effects out.sometimes fail to detect the undersirable side effects of drugs
53. Illegal hunting cause some animals' in extinction.have died out because of
54. Computer's effection to people's communicaition skills varies across ages.
55. Many girls don't like to seek jobs in man-leading industries.
56. Schools' main function is to pass knowledge to the next generation
57. Art is not the main course of the school.
58. Beacause of the dark climate of economy,it's impossible for many companies to heir new staff.
59. Air transport is likely to exile a lot greehouse gases.
60. Children are likely to have behavioural problems.
61. The growth of the population is the reason for generate huge amount of garbage.
62. Strict punishment is an effective way to decrease crime.
63. Clean energy's development can solve air pollution.
       
64. Because of the increase of unemployment,college students study hard for the high pressure.
       Because of the raising unemployment rate,college students feel under pressure and study hard.
65. Racial discrimination is still a severe problem.
       
66. Learning time tables by rote is not the best way to improve mathmatical methods.
       learning multiply forms by rote is not  the best way to improve mathmatical skills
67. The priority of poor counties is to cover people's basic need.deprived
       The main task for deprived country is satisify people's abasic need.
68. AI's effection to the society is still unknown.
       The effect of artificial intelligence is still yet to be known
69. Online shopping is a normal part of some people's lives.has become
	  Online shopping has already become a nomal part of many people's life.e-commerce
70. In a throw-away society,people don't satisfy with living basics.
	In a consumer society,people are not satisfy with buying a normal part of everyday life.
71. People's unhealthy lifestyles are the consequence of they tend to relay on the techonology.
	People's unhealthy lifestyles are the consequence f their tendency to rely heavily on technology.
72. Poverty is the reason for many communities' crime wave.responsible for the crime wave
	Poverty is the main reason for increasement of community criminal.
73. Electrical cars' invention is part of our effert to the environment protection.
	Electirc vehicles's invention is part of our effects to sustain the environment.
74. Sending high price gifts is convention of china.T
	It's convention of china to send lavish gifts.
75. We can protect the complexity of the languages.preserve linguistic diversity
	It's hard to preserve linguistic diversity in the coming decades.
76. With age,we can keep in contact with friends and families.
	Varying from ages, it's difficult for us to keep in touch with friends or family members.maintain contact
77. Attending colleges freely can give students in poverty the same chance to receive education.
	Free higher education can give students in low economy background the same chance to attend universities.less well off background
78. Many people think they should chase the fashion.consider it necessary to follow fashion
	Many people think it's necessary to follow fashion.
79. Educational budget's reducing make young people hard to receive university education.budget cuts
	Budget cuts cause many young people cannot attend the universities.
80. It's hard to evaluate the environmental cost of human activities sometimes.
	Sometimes,it is difficult to evaluate the environmental cost of  human activies.
81. There are some communities in poverty in big cities.
	There are some economically deprived communities in big cities.
82. Classification according to abilities has no clear link with grades.
	Grouping students by ability has no explicit link with exam results.
83. Using media can improve students' attraction,and keep their intersts to the courses.
	Using visual aids can improve students' concentration and keep them interested in courses.
84. Famous people can encourage young people to study hard and keep trying.
	The encouragement from famous people can encourage young generations study hard and show preverance.
85. Raising sub-companies can reduce production cost and generate huge profit.opening new branches in developing countries
	Opening new branches in developing countries can reduce manufacturing costa and make huge profit
86. Slight changes of lifestyles can make huge difference,and reduce our everyday lives' effection to the environment.
	Slight lifestyle changes  can make a huge difference and lesson our everyday lives impact to the environment.
87. Because lack of intern opportunities,it's hard for them to improve working skills.
	It's difficult for them to improve practical skills because the lack of internships.
88. College students can't make their own fortune,despite getting diplomas.
	Despite of gaining college qualifications, college students cannot make a decent living.
89. Running a company is difficult since the high competition and technology development.
	Because of high competition and techonological development, it's a demanding job to manage a company.
90. In fact,because of the mechinization,some jobs have been cut down.
	It is true that many jobs have been made redundant because of machanization.
91. Nowadays many people become eco-friendly and reduce the consumption of resources,which is the truth.go green  decline the use of energy
	It is true that many people choose to go green and reduce the consumption of energy.
92. A prison sentence will hurt many young people,because imprisonment will leave a long shadow in their career.
	A prison sentence will be harmful to young generations,because imprisonment will cast a long shadow on their careers.(criminal record)
93. I think fast food advertisements have directly relationship with widely obesity.
	I hold the view that there is a direct link between fast food advertisements and obesity pedemics.
94. Putting the government's budget in clean-up options can help create a pleasant environment.
	Money put into the cleanup operation can create a pleasant environment.
95. Some advertisements encourage customers to buy something they don't need,and should be tightened the control.
	Some ads encourage consumers to buy something they don't really need.
96. This can help to improve air quality,and decrease the risk of some diseases,such as respiratory diseases.
	
97. The government should censor news reports which give an exaggerated account of  social probelms.The authorities
	The authority should censor news which 
98. That's why the staff which handle documentaies have health problems suffer from health problem.
	That's the reason why clerks often have health problems
99. Many staff would like to work in companies which have a lot of opportunities of promotion.
	Many staff are willing to work in the companies where they can get promotion oppurtunities.
100. Many young people choose to study in English speaking countires,where they can study at world famous universities.
     A large amount of school students choose to receive further education in English speaking countires,where they can study in world renowned universities.